photoshop-group-images-to-layers
================================
Process images in folder and groups them into layers based on file name.
You can use it if you have the same shot with different exposures and want to save them as layers in one single image for further processes. This process can be applied automatically for all images in a folder.
I have tested it with Photoshop CS6. Let me know if it works with other versions.

## Installation
Place the `Group Images To Layers.jsx` file into Photoshop Cs/Presets/Scripts.

Location may differ:
Mac - `/Applications/Adobe Photoshop CS6/Presets/Scripts`
Pc - `c:\Program Files\Adobe Photoshop CS6\Presets\Scripts`

Restart photoshop.

## Usage
Run `File->Scripts->Group Images To Layers`.
When the script starts, it asks for input folder. Lets suppose this folder has following images:
```
IMG_000347.tif
IMG_000347_1.tif
IMG_000347_2.tif
IMG_001552-A.tif
IMG_001552.tif
IMG_001552-b.tif
```
It will then ask for the output folder where the processed files are saved.

It also asks the base prefix length of the files. This is needed to group files. Usually it is the length of the file name generated by camera.

In above example there are two original files: IMG_000347.tif, IMG_001552.tif. The length of the name is given by the number of character excepting extension. In this case it is 10 characters.

The script will create two files in output folder: IMG_000347.psd, IMG_001552.psd

IMG_000347.psd layers:
```
IMG_000347.tif
IMG_000347_1.tif
IMG_000347_2.tif
```

IMG_001552.psd layers:
```
IMG_001552-A.tif
IMG_001552.tif
IMG_001552-b.tif
```

## Credits
This script is supported by [studiofoto.ro](http://studiofoto.ro)
